# Essay.md
Q.1 Programming is an interest of mine because it truly is fascinating and its overall usefulness.  In today’s world with a computer at everyone’s fingertips programming is more important than ever to make sure that the individual and machine can communicate together making it a valuable skill to have. It’s essentially just letters and symbols but you can pour creativity into them and make this amazing thing. It’s also just wonderful to me that one program has multiple people putting in something of their own and it all comes together to make this working system. I have exposed myself to programming some to make sure I’m as interested in it as I think I am. I have done some free classes from Harvard using Python and purchased some classes from Udemy and used those to get an intro to using Java. I have also used the Jumpstart courses provided on the Ada website.  My usage level is basic. It was all very overwhelming at first but the more I keep exposing myself to it through web browsing, Pinterest, and reading articles from Facebook pages I have favorited pieces have come together and it has started to make sense.   
Q.2 My professional goals for the next few years involve going back to school. My boss has announced that retirement is a possibility for him in the next couple of years and so I feel it’s my time to move to my next professional level in my life. I want to take the next few years to build a good educational foundation to prepare me for a career. As it is right now, my job is great but it’s really just a job. There is no advancement, I will never be promoted and it’s not my passion. My interest is in computer programming or IT and I plan on using the next few years embracing that passion.  In the next 5 years I plan to be settled into a career choice that I can devote my working life to and continue building. I would hope by that time I have also found a company I can settle into. A company where I can develop my skills, learn from other people, and have a chance of advancement.  
Q.3 When I was still pretty new in my current job my boss left for an extended vacation. During the time he is gone I run most office operations including receiving telephone calls and assisting clients through those calls. This particular time I received a call from a client wanting help paying a premium due on a policy. I thought I understood what she was requesting and made a call to have the premium paid by loan. After our client was notified of this she called back up and was pretty upset about it. It turned out that she wanted to use the cash that was already in the policy. Luckily, this situation was fixable but I felt horrible about it. By the time she called my boss was back and got most the flack for it and it was truly embarrassing.  I learned that when dealing with everyday people they will use incorrect words and label things incorrectly and give the wrong idea. It’s my responsibility to pick through what they are saying to find what they really mean. I now ask many and detailed questions in my conversations with people preventing more “could have been blunders”.  
Q.4 I have taught myself how to sew! I have been interested in being able to make my own stuff with just a pattern, thread, and sewing machine for what feels like ages and two years ago my interest peaked and I felt ready to put the effort forward into learning. Before starting to make a large investment in equipment I had a lady who I friended at our Farmer’s Market show me the way around a sewing machine. I brought my own patterns (printed off Pinterest) and fabric and she showed me how to put it all together. I loved it and invested in my own sewing machine. From there, I collaborated with a friend and we sewed dresses for her niece.  Since then, I have worked on my own gathering knowledge through things like Pinterest, Google, and YouTube and then trying the things hands on. Since getting more comfortable I have developed my own patterns and sewing techniques all of my own which is has been very fulfilling. It’s been a hobby of mine but I also feel immersed in a very old tradition passed down generations.   
